# YOUR PROJECT TITLE
#### Video Demo:  <https://youtu.be/hgNlprbYuaw>
#### Description:
Originally, me and a friend decided to try designing a small card game RPG, since we both like card games and tabletop RPG games a lot, so we created rules and cards for that game, and were pondering about the possibility to put it in Tabletop Simulator, a simulator where you can play various existing tabletop games virtually. Some months later, while I was going through CS50x 2022, I was presented to the Final Project and noticed that I could make a small game, then thought it could be a good opportunity to both apply what i was learning in programming and to create a "demo" of what our cardgame RPG could look like. My initial thoughts were to develop it inside Tabletop Simulator, since it uses Lua language and the requirements for the Final Project pointed that I could use any software to make it, but since Tabletop Simulator is not free, I decided to take the safe route and develop it in LÖVE2D Game Framework, as suggested. Still, it was a great opportunity, I learned a lot about Lua language and the Framework, besides that, a lot of design decisions I made were with the intent of making a game that would run similarly to Tabletop Simulator, like creating a ingame sheet for the character.
There are several files in my project. main.lua, of couse, is where all the LÖVE callback functions are, which are executed throughout the game. draw.lua is where I defined all the functions related to printing/drawing elements in the screen. load.lua is where i defined the functions responsible for loading variables, images, tables or anything related. logic.lua contains the definition of functions responsible for card effects/interactions. conf.lua is responsible to set the tab name and icon of the game. The text folder contains two .txt files that describe how many duplicate cards each deck has. The images folder contains all the images used in the game, all .png and loaded mainly by the functions defined in load.lua. The effects folder contains all the .lua files responsible for defining what each card does when it enters play, using the functions defined in logic.lua. instructions.txt briefly explain how the game works. credits.txt contains the credits of all the images I used (that I did not create myself) throughout the project.
The total time of development was 3 weeks. The first thing I focused on was to print the board in the screen, so that I could see my project and better understand what I would need to do next. With that in mind, most of the draw.lua and load.lua files were written in the first week. After this, i focused on making the interactions between the game elements, like passing turns, adding cards from the deck to the hand, etc. This occupied most of the second week and the start of the last week. In the last week, I focused on fixing things and code refactoring. I had plans to implement a menu in the game too, but I was afraid this project was taking too long, since in the Final Project instructions for developing a game in LÖVE2D, it was pointed that a project like this should be ready after about 2 weeks, and I was already in the third week, so I decided to wrap everything up and finish with just the "match" part of the game.